Renaming references.type (attribute) to references.bib_type (#201)
Materials-Consortia/OPTiMaDe: optimade.rst

The :entry:`references` entries describe bibliographic references.
The following properties are used to provide the bibliographic details:

- **address**, **annote**, **booktitle**, **chapter**, **crossref**, **edition**, **howpublished**, **institution**, **journal**, **key**, **month**, **note**, **number**, **organization**, **pages**, **publisher**, **school**, **series**, **title**, **volume**, **year**: meanings of these properties match the `BibTeX specification <http://bibtexml.sourceforge.net/btxdoc.pdf>`__, values are strings;

> - **bibtype**: type of the reference, corresponding to **type** property in the BibTeX specification;

Reviewer: It may be prudent to use the same logic as we have done for all query parameters that are not taken directly from JSON v1.0, i.e. adding a `_`.
So in this context it would be calling it `bib_type`, using the added `_` to also make it more readable.
What do you think?

Also, for completion the value type should be added. Suggested change:

```suggestion
- **bib_type**: type of the reference given as a string, corresponding to **type** property in the BibTeX specification;
```

Author: Done in 260e337 and 87d7c9a. I don't think we have to care about property names having `_`, as these will never be used as query parameters, AFAIK.

Reviewer: > Done in [260e337](https://github.com/Materials-Consortia/OPTiMaDe/commit/260e33717b7f93638431744f7ddda708fa472ecc) and [87d7c9a](https://github.com/Materials-Consortia/OPTiMaDe/commit/87d7c9a44d65c9c9727b2fb793e262cf54853c07). I don't think we have to care about property names having `_`, as these will never be used as query parameters, AFAIK.

For sure, it was only to do a similar thing as was done with the query parameters :)
